Prague, January 23, 1936. Babus, it was truly a great joy you gave me with the photos. I had to look at them again and again because you received them. Some really turned out beautifully. Unfortunately, it was an unforgivable mistake on my part with most of the pictures, despite using Pan film with a self-disc camera. As a result, many very nice little details were lost. Next time, something like that shouldn&#39;t happen again. The films have arrived in the meantime, but there is still some excellent material available. You still have some. In any case, you&#39;ll get good things. Anyway, I would never have thought that Zaba could be so pretty – of course, only in pictures. Is that thanks to the girl, the photos, or the photographer? – Let&#39;s talk about the photos. Thank you so much, my dear. Otherwise, my birthday went very nicely and with presents. Many things, including gramophone records, shirts, towel fabric, shawls, ties, perfume, etc. Yes, Ellen, a wonderful Montblanc fountain pen, and diligently crafted items, all in a case with a very nice letter. She only mentions my last letter very briefly, in which she considers part of it tasteless. But she didn&#39;t take it. In the summer, she&#39;s going to Palestine. Today I was at the Elekta Film Company, Prague 1, Narodny tr. 26. (Mr. Auerbach) He was very nice and will look through the book. He would have preferred it in German, but he left. If you have any free time, send it to me or him. He also wants to send it to Berlin. He told me that I should contact various film producers. Well, we&#39;ll see. I have two more people here to whom I would like to show the book. I am, of course, leaving all decisions regarding possible film rights to them. I am also sending the attached photos. Write to me soon about how things are going: how you&#39;re doing and how it&#39;s going. Lots of love. I&#39;ll send the film back in three weeks when I no longer need it. Elisabeth Aigner, Paris 15th arrondissement, 6.9 bis Rue Grancion, Prague 13th arrondissement, Ruska

