Francin, September 28, 1942. My dearest ones! With great pleasure, I confirm our very reassuring letter of September 18. As always, I am replying immediately because I am only too happy to receive news with one word. Above all, I wish that by the time this letter is sent, our trip to Lozzi will already be completely prepared and that the next letter, at the latest the following one, will already be sent to Louis. How the interchange is going, Moritz imagines. I feel and hope that this time it will be done very soon. Many thanks for the enclosed pictures. Torry, so from a certain point, one must see him, this little ship, come along and bring him the information. You. Baba, stel by det and soun I leister your dear face not girl soon. Imonsten but one very fesale forsis. Theine Phrose. Bilole mis ein, Kenner zu sein. With you l. Derb, I am not entirely satisfied. I find you somewhat too thin. Hopefully nothing is lacking. I would like to see you with a My Banchay me me I rather see than in over so-called. Line: foreth 4 4 Page I sent tech a detailed letter. Derin unig, drette Zeilen on Trung. Toming. Jang should dictate the answer to his Papa in stis festes. I beg dien. Man hart Unerwanger Weiss hat mir l. Bot Dein T. Stein große seps gemacht. Vorvorheit ist star Sriginal auch infling for ming Sümftich mich große Deslänting. Inſerireten haal die ja siis legaliniste Abkopien bekommen. If you absolutely must keep the original, I would like to keep it. Of course, in this case as well. I gathered from your lines, that the matter is not of urgent importance, that I would have no further use for the original, that you agreed to it, or rather, that for you the other part of it is not of urgent importance. I ask Dick to inform me about this, if you wish, and to give Pearon Deschid for me. For us, everything is no problem. Our situation is satisfactory in every respect. I lack the ability to find a solution, and I fear that the situation will change in the next spring. In general, it is quite possible, but not entirely better. Your Yok es Fou vers foreig verspreide ruch nichts. You can be everything that concerns mms, for now, entirely your question. I have nothing further for links, and so bliens with this detail, to answer me immediately. With many magnificent vultures we rage, most sincerely at the very best, if it&#39;s already once, Peale can be a Schweike topic, waits arauscht. Jos can complain about my outlie iter inats (meberfen). Quest! Rapa Dara dr мия frapst so oft vegen wat die fires when beinetet, but I want to listen again. Alsous bin becaminan Beamter &amp; Amaralfen bei einer Architekten Веспиват Damingisten: bin tran sale intensio (as quisiges Beauter) ale винений масел сво aber überhaupte keln Angenelen bedräfligt. منعه am Abend bin in file. when in for Camme bien, 2 game Karsen, mambermal Bridge, paivus must agendische hiile. In bin edem ein alta Rachengprielen – peis fürs Салі - Нарринія Schildert ist ume wachsen line. Inde alle so einni 8 reif trage so beniliigut wie ime es вашей день liegwaheiten zu kraci. Je kaime June ru e JENZOR 75

