My dear little Bremen, March 14, 1933! Ellen is gone again, and I have to deal with the stupid customers all by myself. It was very nice in Hamburg, even if a bit strange. What love will my love for her be for me personally? She was, as always, very sweet to me, almost too sweet for me, as well as she liked it and felt comfortable, it still obligates her, perhaps rightly so, and that&#39;s the only thing that always bothers me! Not that Ellen would demand anything from me, no, but she&#39;s far too much of a fan for certain desires to be present in her conscious mind. Damn, breaking up with Ellen right now would certainly be good (for her). But I would find it mean, and she certainly doesn&#39;t deserve me being mean to her. !! No fine way to deal with her, my high because of the political tape was quite intense. Perhaps I wrote about it somewhat excitedly due to the general depression. For me, there was absolutely no danger of losing all hope, and meanwhile everything has become completely normal again, and the expected revolution has subsided. (For the time being, there will be a bit of grumbling about the Indians, but that too will subside in a few weeks. Personally, I hardly suffer from it at all; the only thing one can do is wait and seemingly make oneself unfounded in everything, unfortunately, in Germany with its tubular boots (high ham) and parade marches, politics. The German spirit has either been lost in political matters or it was lost. Walter is a communist and naturally suffers particularly from this. Despite everything, there is a rather optimistic mood among the population regarding the future, and business is rather better than worse. However, there are very bad reports from abroad. Due to the antarcticism practiced in Germany (= focusing the economy on Germany without regard for other states), the country has almost completely closed itself off to German goods. Hopefully, things will be quite good again after the 16th. Did she get so upset, too!? 1- Grin or does that come, please and say get well soon and Easter! Zabis, nothing must come between us. I have very little money, but one thing I know for sure: either I come to Paris, or Easter for komust to #forsheim. Lunte even wrote to me that she would very much like to have you with me over Easter. I would much rather meet up with you in some small place. But if this is not possible in the worst case, it has to go somewhere else. I will carry the journey to Tenner for you, my dear, as much as you need. I would gladly say. Only &quot;we have to see each other!&quot; I will be in Hanover on Monday at -14 and think I will be home for 3 weeks, until April 5th. In Frankfurt I will be there until the 25th, 3, at my place / with carp. I ask you again, my dear, not to worry about politics. The whole thing is Although from a socialist perspective, sad, but absolutely no longer dangerous. Yes, but that&#39;s all irrelevant, if we see each other again at Easter, I&#39;m so happy. I love Heinz so much. Zabus dei Vergenthal Pforzheim Maseiniilian 20 98 MEN 15 3 13 23-24 25 Fre. Elisabeth Signer Paris 15e 7 Rue Jean Sicard HOTEL NORDISCHER HOF BREMEN. NOITH A 228 S PARIS

