Zabalein Nim, I am once again a plague in Interwolds, and the old hever starts all over again. That means I travel for Tomchising, pain, long seluveipen, say. The ired). hasn&#39;t at all. For Grind, it is taking me back to a lot of work. Here, of course, it is still quite difficult, and we have already had to maintain the Gebriel for many years. I knew that I would have to go on the journey again as soon as possible. Collections, preparations in. sw Münster are being done, and at the end of the day, I was always at the Münde inn, still something to be grieved. They can. Then, – you know that there is a large permanent exhibition at Münster in Pforthieu. We have rented a shop window there and also exhibited. According to my information, the whole thing has been done and is now finished, really very impressive. Everything is in cut glass with cut-glass hilts, very effective. On the back wall, under good lighting, the lettering is in three-dimensional, meshed metal bricks. If you saved so much at Christmas, you absolutely must come to Pfortheim because of the - and see it. R Merigen&#39;s dad is probably going to Paris on Saturday and will stay there for the week. Is she already back? I&#39;m very curious what he&#39;s doing there and maybe organizing. From here I&#39;m going to Nuremberg, Leipzig, and Berlin. I&#39;ll see Ellen in Hamburg if she hasn&#39;t gone to Palestine by then. It will still take at least 6 weeks until I get there. That you find it so wonderful in Paris is no wonder at all. I believe that if one relaxes and is free from the constraints of oneself, then every natural image is beautiful. One should understand that. In my opinion, it can become boring for me when the touch of culture or lack thereof feels obligated to maintain customs or a technical facility of the same. I am sincerely happy that the rege is finally going on for 6 days. It&#39;s a paddling trip with the friend from Haus Kalm down the Nakar and Rhine. If nothing comes up, he&#39;ll be gone on Tuesday. By the way, I have a new chauffeur and also a new car. The new one is probably not as satisfying as the previous one. The car, I love it. It&#39;s like a very small one, I think it&#39;s called Rosengart. heaps fabulously and bramel unr 6 liters Resim on zasto / 100 ken The much umbeating mach Pathein come and look at him for. What do you actually intend to do, desheim how do you think you will in Zurich fine work with faci. It kisses itself quite ran in Bob. interview AUGSBURG Bredit Job shortage Job shortage buys 0 24 8.7322-2 German goods- * 2* the. Bob five sunsthal forsheion Mar 20 25 25 Book 24 8.332 Purchase outlet es Re * 2 Ce German goods. Elisabeth signer Mme

